README.md, before:

# Terraform module for vcloud  

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| catalog | Name of the catalog | string | `"PUBLIC-CAT"` | no |
| cpus | The number of virtual CPUs to allocate to the VM. Socket count is a result of: virtual logical processors/cores per socket. | number | `"1"` | no |
| hostgroup | Puppet/Ansible hostgroup of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |
| hostname | Hostname of the machine | string | n/a | yes |
| instance | Puppet/Ansible instance of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |
| memory | The amount of RAM (in MB) to allocate to the VM | number | `"1024"` | no |
| network | Name of the network to use for this VM | string | n/a | yes |
| post\_script | Script to run on initial boot | string | `""` | no |
| quantity | Number of VM to manage | number | `"1"` | no |
| role | Puppet/Ansible role of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |
| srv\_size | Number of megabytes to allocate for /srv partition | number | `"10240"` | no |
| subgroup | Puppet/Ansible subgroup of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | `""` | no |
| template | Name of the template to start from | string | `"RHEL7.7_Template_v_3.0.1"` | no |
| vapp | Name of the VApp | string | n/a | yes |
| zone | Puppet/Ansible zone of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| ip | VM Ips |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat: enable usage of an extra disk
vmware customization script cannot prevent /usr/sbin/cirb-extend-storage
to be executed. cirb-extend-storage extend the lv /srv based on the
space left in the main VG. IOW if we add more disk space into the VG, the space
left will be automaticaly allocated to /srv.

Sometimes we want to control the disk layout and create other lv within
this VG.
For the moment, the only way is to add an extra disk and register using
the customization script.

This change enable the user to declare the size of this extra disk.

refs CICDITS-692

README.md, after:

# Terraform module for vcloud

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| catalog | Name of the catalog | string | `"PUBLIC-CAT"` | no |
| cpus | The number of virtual CPUs to allocate to the VM. Socket count is a result of: virtual logical processors/cores per socket. | number | `"1"` | no |
| extra\_disk\_size | Number of megabytes to allocate in one extra disk | number | `"0"` | no |
| hostgroup | Puppet/Ansible hostgroup of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |
| hostname | Hostname of the machine | string | n/a | yes |
| instance | Puppet/Ansible instance of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |
| memory | The amount of RAM (in MB) to allocate to the VM | number | `"1024"` | no |
| network | Name of the network to use for this VM | string | n/a | yes |
| post\_script | Script to run on initial boot | string | `""` | no |
| quantity | Number of VM to manage | number | `"1"` | no |
| role | Puppet/Ansible role of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |
| srv\_size | Number of megabytes to allocate for /srv partition | number | `"10240"` | no |
| subgroup | Puppet/Ansible subgroup of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | `""` | no |
| template | Name of the template to start from | string | `"RHEL7.7_Template_v_3.0.1"` | no |
| vapp | Name of the VApp | string | n/a | yes |
| zone | Puppet/Ansible zone of the machine (refer to http://docs.cicd.cirb.lan/puppet/overview.html#_5_essential_machine_code_facts_code for more information) | string | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| ip | VM Ips |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
